mkdocs-project/docs/best-practices/best-practices.md, before:

# VirtualBox / Best Practices #

This page provides best practices when using VirtualBox.

* [Organize VMs in Groups](#organize-vMs-in-groups)
* [Shutting Down Machines](#shutting-down-machines)

---------------------

## Organize VMs in Groups ##

It can be confusing to keep track of VMs, even if detailed machine names are used.
The VMs can organized in groups to help avoid confusion, using the Group feature.
The default group is `Fresh-OS`, which will be used by default.
Examples of groups:

* `Appliances` - (machines meant to be imported as starting point for additional configuration)
* `Develop (project)` - machines used for product development
* `Ops (name)` - machines used in operations

To add a new group, right click on a VM and use the ***Group*** menu in the ***VirtualBox Manager***.
A default group with label ***New group*** will be added.
To rename, right-click on the label and select ***Rename Group...***.

It is also a good idea to save the VM hard disk file in a named folder under the group.
For example, use a name `GroupName/VMName/VMName.vdi` for the hard disk file.
This ensures that the files related to the VM are organized and isolated from other VMs.
Use the ***VirtualBox Manager*** to move VMs between groups.
Trying to move the files manually tends to cause confusion with the VirtualBox software.

## Shutting Down Machines ##

If possible, shut down virtual machines cleanly by using the ***Shutdown*** choice for the login session.
This helps ensure that the state is saved and data are not list.

Commit message:

Document shared folders, issue #7
Also give documentation for settings and tools separate folders.

mkdocs-project/docs/best-practices/best-practices.md, after:

# VirtualBox / Best Practices #

This page provides best practices when using VirtualBox.

* [Organize VMs in Groups](#organize-vMs-in-groups)
* [Shutting Down Machines](#shutting-down-machines)

---------------------

## Organize VMs in Groups ##

It can be confusing to keep track of VMs, even if detailed machine names are used.
The VMs can organized in groups to help avoid confusion, using the Group feature.
The default group is `Fresh-OS`, which will be used by default.
Examples of groups:

* `Appliances` - (machines meant to be imported as starting point for additional configuration)
* `Develop (project)` - machines used for product development
* `Ops (name)` - machines used in operations

To add a new group, right click on a VM and use the ***Group*** menu in the ***VirtualBox Manager***.
A default group with label ***New group*** will be added.
To rename, right-click on the label and select ***Rename Group...***.

It is also a good idea to save the VM hard disk file in a named folder under the group.
For example, use a name `GroupName/VMName/VMName.vdi` for the hard disk file.
This ensures that the files related to the VM are organized and isolated from other VMs.
Use the ***VirtualBox Manager*** to move VMs between groups.
Trying to move the files manually tends to cause confusion with the VirtualBox software.

**Need to understand the folders better because a VM can belong to more than one group.**

## Shutting Down Machines ##

If possible, shut down virtual machines cleanly by using the ***Shutdown*** choice for the login session.
This helps ensure that the state is saved and data are not list.
